https://youtu.be/QzhNm0rClW8?si=97Gme5wk92LnVGst

Greetings souls. Back with me, doctor W. Mustika in Meditations of the Universe. Hope it is useful. In the previous video we discussed the wonders of the universe, which manifests into our bodies. Awareness of the miracle of the physical body, brings deep gratitude to God. For we have been blessed with a small kingdom; a small universe, which we can control and we should lead with full intelligence, wisdom, justice, for our own comfort and happiness, as the Soul who is dwelling in it. Later in this video, we will discover and recognize a miracle that is no less amazing. We will recognize a secret metaphysical miraculous power within us. By recognizing it we will be able to use the power of our minds, to create success, healing, happiness, and prosperity in life now and in the future. Now we will start to uncover the secret. Ladies and gentlemen, do you know that we have something extraordinary within us? If the body as our outer layer has such amazing miracles, then in the deeper layers, hidden magical potentials that are truly unimaginable. We've been with him all this time wearing it up until now. But unfortunately we do not really understand its power. Because of that our lives often become difficult to live, full of complexity, full of problems, full of anxiety. Until we are trapped in sadness, anxiety, anxiety of life. It's because we don't fully recognize this magical part of ourselves. Yes, we do n't really know that inside us there is a magical and amazing heirloom keris. This keris was created by the Supreme Master. The Almighty in this universe. This heirloom keris inside is truly an immeasurable power of self magic. Unfortunately, all this time we have been looking for similar heirloom kerises out of us. While inside us, this magical kris keeps waiting for us to use it properly. Although often unconsciously, we actually hurt ourselves with the sharpness of the Keris that is inside us. We also have a machine gun; very advanced machine guns. He can hurt, can kill enemies with his ammunition, without even touching their bodies. The ammunition never runs out to be used in war. At the same time, he is also a magical shield. Able to protect us from various sharp weapons. Protects us from things that can hurt ourselves, although once again, unfortunately we do not realize its power in protecting ourselves in this life. And he gave us the throne . A throne within that allows us to be kings, to be presidents, to be everything to a small universe; this body. Unfortunately we often allow ourselves to be accompanied by our inner ministers in the form of dark egos. So we are like king Duryodhana, who was instigated by Sakuni on the side of the Kauravas. So the destruction of our kingdom occurs because we allow the egos of darkness, to be the whisperers within ourselves. And what's even greater is that we have a time machine; the very sophisticated times machine inside of us. This machine is able to take us to explore the past, far into the past. Even tracing the lives of our previous lives, centuries away. This machine also allows us to read, recognize, be aware of what is in the moment. And the great thing about this machine is that it can invite us to go far into the future. Imagine what might happen in the future. And lead us to be able to create our destiny and destiny in the future, with its ability to bring us to an imagination "real" in the future. That is the magic that he brings to our lives, hidden within us. The Almighty Universe has blessed our souls, being in this miraculous body, complete with the wonderful cup of life, namely our brain. Our brain is a kris heirloom within, with which we can concentrate creativity, confusion, projecting sharpness of mind, to manifest its creative power into so many things that are useful for our lives. It is also an automatic machine gun that can send its ammunition to create destruction, war, or otherwise create security, and peace for us. He can also be a shield that can protect us from all attacks from outside and inside . Wise thoughts keep us from the various realities of life that can be painful. Protects us from the whispers of the darkness of the ego within, which brings various destructions to our own lives . And he can also give us the Throne, the power to lead the tiny universe empire we have today, with trillions of body cells as its subjects. And of course he is a magical time machine. Can take us through space and time. Takes us to a place far away, without the need to go there. Takes us deep into the past and future, then immediately returns to the present, at a speed beyond the speed of light. It is inconceivable how amazing the blessings this universe has given us. Although we are still very easy to complain about the problems of life that we create ourselves, with thoughts that we cannot control our own creative power. So that we forget that the universe has provided us with great potential, to overcome the problems of our own lives, when we are able to use all these tools properly. Actually, in various religious teachings that were revealed through the holy books, we have been reminded of how this metaphysical miraculous potential can be used by means of prayer. In the teachings of the elders of Bali, praying is "ngidupang idep", so it activates the creative mind that exists within ourselves. Idea is what comes to our mind. And when accompanied by the creative power of reason or vision, we project our hopes into an imagination. Then with the power of the soul, the power of the Life within us, then we live that hope in the feeling, belief, and energy of the spirit for the actions of our bodies to make those prayers come true. Praying is uniting the power of all our creative potential. Unite the creative mind, body, and soul or the Spirit within, so that what is our desire and hope in life, can be realized into this real material world. Unfortunately we often don't use all three potentials fully when we pray. The thought of praying is just praying, not connected to the feeling of the Soul within. Nor is it connected to the Intelligence Energy in every cell of our physical body. So what is a prayer in the mind, is not in harmony with the words and actions after the prayer is said. Meanwhile prayer is also the unity of thought, speech, and action in our daily lives. Later in the rest of this session we will learn to use this metaphysical magic when we offer prayers. So, how can the power of prayer and the creative mind work in such a way? In fact, if we look closely, our brain, which is a tool that produces thoughts, thoughts, and feelings with all its creativity, is just an organ whose network is formed by brain cells . And when the brain is extracted or juiced, the only composition found is; there is water 77% of all brain organs, there is 11% fat, then 8% protein, 1% carbohydrates , 2% dissolved organic compounds, and 1% organic salts. All these materials are just molecules made up of atoms. But able to create extraordinary abilities of thought and creativity. So how did that happen? As we know the atoms that make up all the matter in the brain organs are 99% empty space. And within that empty space was Infinite Universal Intelligence. From here we will understand why from a brain that is only formed by a collection of atomic matter, can have amazing intelligence and magical creativity . Because in it is the Infinite Universal Intelligence that works endlessly, to process what is formed as the hopes and desires of our minds. Not to mention if we remember, how the Infinite Universal Intelligence manifests into us into three. First, it manifests into the Intelligence of Consciousness or Intelligence of the Soul which gives life, energy and becomes a source of inspiration, the guidance of conscience within us. Second, it manifests as Conscious Intelligence in the brain, which is the source of our conscious thoughts and feelings in living life. And the greatest potential in this physical, is when the Infinite Universal Intelligence becomes the Subconscious Intelligence in every cell of our body. This intelligence in the physical body will manifest physically every hope and dream of ours, if our prayers are in harmony between mind, body, and soul. See, how perfect the role play of these three forms of Universal Intelligence is into the small universe that we live in right now. Utilizing everything properly and perfectly will make our lives easier in living it. Then what are the important keys in harnessing the magic of metaphysics, once we recognize the potential that lies within us? First, we must recognize more, how different the potential of our conscious and subconscious minds is. This is important so that we know the extent to which the Subconscious Mind is involved in our lives. Second, we identify what is the main task of the conscious mind in this regard. Then when we have to leave the next task, to the power of our Subconscious Mind. Third, we need to understand the importance of a harmonious relationship between the conscious mind and the subconscious mind . Because if the two are not in harmony at work, then the function of metaphysical strength will not optimally help us in achieving expectations in the future. Then we also need to know when is the best time and moment, to connect our conscious and subconscious minds; what is the way to achieve the connection between the two, so that the hopes of our conscious mind can sink into the subconscious mind, and then grow to manifest in real life. Finally, we also need to know all about the role of reason in drawing intelligent imagination, about creating a hope in wishful thinking. Also knowing how to say an affirmation that will turn our mind's imagination into words. Furthermore, what is often said as an affirmation will be driven by faith, surrender, and self-determination, to manifest into reality. Achieving confidence, surrender, and self-determination, will be a big capital for the realization of a hope. Even for a hope that seems impossible, it can be realized if all these conditions are met. All of these key combinations seem overwhelming and difficult to own, combine, let alone work with. But actually when we really understand everything well, there will be accustomed, and realize that the utilization of this metaphysical miraculous power is something we have often done. It's just that we are not optimal to realize our dreams, hopes, and hopes, because of our lack of a deeper understanding of this metaphysical miraculous power. So we will start one by one. Stay here and follow the description carefully, so that it sinks into your deepest memory. Now we will start to look further, the potential difference between the conscious and subconscious mind, so that we know where we have to play the magic in ourselves more. The most beautiful analogy to describe the potential difference between the conscious mind and the subconscious mind is the description of this iceberg phenomenon. From this many experts state that the potential power of our conscious mind is only about 12%, compared to the power of our subconscious mind which is 88%. Some even say 10% versus 90%. Moreover, it is even stated that the power of our subconscious mind is 30,000 times beyond the potential power of our conscious mind. So this seems to be the reason why our hopes, dreams, prayers, ideals that so much cross in the conscious mind, very rarely reach their goals and materialize into reality. Because all of that just swirls in the conscious mind. Similar to all cooking ingredients that are already available on the table, but never enter the pot to be cooked into food. From this understanding, we need to know that the contents of wishful thinking and hope in the conscious mind, should be able to sink into the subconscious mind, and then be processed by the miraculous power of the universal intelligence that is in it. It's like we sow seeds into arable land so that the fertility of the earth can grow. Having a variety of seeds without ever being sown into the earth, will only be in vain in waiting for the long-awaited results. So, how then can the seeds that are created in the conscious mind, through the potential of our intellectual intelligence, be grown by the magic of the subconscious mind, so that in the future they will produce real fruit from our hopes. If we like to plant a seed in the ground, of course, we start with the opening of the soil surface, to receive the seed so that it can be immersed in it. Because if the seed is just lying on the surface of the soil, it will not be easy to process to receive soil fertility and grow taller. Likewise, if our prayers and hopes or our dreams, just lying or just a track in the conscious mind, without really being buried in the subconscious mind, then those prayers will only be easily lost by our limited memory. In order to immerse ideas from the conscious mind, our subconscious mind needs to open up first, and connect well with our conscious mind. This can be done through a meditative state of mind. Through the efforts of meditation or other means which we will discuss next. But before that we must first know clearly the task of our conscious and subconscious mind. First, we recognize that the task of our conscious mind is to create clear ideas. Exactly an architect who creates a clear picture of the blueprint of the building that will be realized later. Without a clear, detailed, and firm picture from the conscious mind as the architect, it will be more difficult for builders and contractors to realize what the conscious mind of the building owner dreams of. That is the reason why it takes an intelligent conscious mind, to create a wishful wish to be realized in the future by the magic of the subconscious mind. Furthermore, the conscious mind must ensure that its ideas can be understood and reach its instructions to the subconscious mind, as a contractor for development tasks. Because at best a blueprint, when a house wants to be created by the conscious mind as the architect, but if the design of the image does not reach the subconscious mind, of course it will be difficult to realize. Especially if the architect or our conscious mind does not have faith in his own subconscious mind, as a task execution team to submit the task and make it a reality. From this we can understand why prayers that are simply said without sincerity, clarity, and without belief in the power of the universe, often will not easily materialize into reality. Next, the task of the subconscious mind is to receive information from the conscious mind, which will be accepted and later will be realized, if it really is a sincere request from our conscious mind. Because the subconscious mind will not manifest what is not really an important wish of the mind. Because if every thought will be made real by our subconscious mind, then one's life will easily experience chaos. Just imagine if every idea of our mind is immediately realized, then we have a little bit of anxious thoughts, then that anxiety will instantly manifest into reality in our lives. Therefore, the subconscious mind will first determine whether the idea or content of our thoughts is really a wish to be realized or not. This certainty begins with the process of storing these ideas. If the idea really wants to be kept to be realized, then the subconscious mind will determine whether the idea is worth keeping or not. Just like the dialog box that often appears on the computer, which wants to make sure whether we want to actually save the new ideas, or not. Because once an idea is stored in the subconscious mind, then later it can be processed to be realized. Like a seed planted underground. So make sure first, whether we really want our ideas to be stored in the subconscious mind or not. Next, the ideas from the conscious mind that are stored, will be realized by the magic power of the subconscious mind. However, the process did not happen instantly. The subconscious mind still gives us the opportunity, to change or cancel those ideas, to be realized later. Similar to a question from a computer when we want to print a document. A dialog box will appear that gives us a choice; whether to cancel or want to continue to print it. Because if we print a document that turns out to be wrong or wrong for us, then the printing press will give us the wrong result. An idea, wishful thinking, or prayer and hope in the conscious mind, will be considered to really want to be realized, if all the contents of that thought begin to be realized with words, belief, surrender, and concrete actions. So from this we understand that a prayer that is only thought about, not accompanied by concrete actions, will not be declared if it is not accompanied by words and carried out daily, in accordance with the prayer. Thoughts that say prayers asking for happiness, peace, tranquility, but are always followed by daily words and actions filled with sadness, anger, anxiety, and anxiety, of course, will not be easily realized by our subconscious mind, becoming an atmosphere of peace according to prayers. prayer that circulates in our conscious mind. Because the subconscious mind becomes confused. Do you have to embody the content of thoughts or manifest words or actions that are often not in harmony with each other. So the key to the functioning of the subconscious mind power in realizing our prayers and dreams, is when there is a harmony of thoughts, words, and real daily actions. Therefore, Hinduism is reminded of the Tri Kaya Parisudha, which is a good way of thinking, speaking and acting that is also good and holy, to achieve a life that is also good according to our dreams. I think other religions will also teach the same things, so that our thoughts, words, and actions are in harmony in our daily lives. Next we move on to the third key of harnessing the metaphysical or subconscious mind powers; namely understanding the importance of harmony between the conscious mind and the subconscious mind. As in the previous analogy, the task of our conscious mind is like an architect who must intelligently create a blueprint or a clear blueprint , about what expectations we want to build or realize in the future. If the blueprint is clear and detailed, then the subconscious mind will easily make it happen according to our expectations. If the conscious mind and subconscious mind are not in harmony, of course the architect's wishes will not be in accordance with what is done by the subconscious mind as a contractor in charge of realizing the dreams and hopes of our conscious mind. Moreover, if the building owner and the architect do not collect building materials in accordance with the desired building design , of course the construction workers will find it difficult to realize according to the design. Simply put, in another analogy, if we want a bowl of fried rice but collect ingredients in the form of mango, papaya, banana, watermelon, and various other fruits, of course what will come out of the production kitchen is a drink of various kinds of fruit, not fried rice. according to our expectations. From all these stories it becomes clearer how important it is to have harmony between what the conscious mind creates and what it seeks to gather its ingredients through our everyday words, attitudes, and actions. Those who want to be successful in life's career , but accumulate materials of anger, sadness, anxiety, stress, anxiety, of course it will not be easy to realize. Even though it was attempted by the magic of the subconscious mind. Because the earth will not grow a mango tree, if we only plant corn seeds in the soil. This is also part of the nature of the Law of Karma, the law of sowing and reaping, the law of action and reaction. Whatever we plant, the fruit of that plant is what we will reap in the future. Next the fourth key in using the metaphysical magic power within us, is to recognize the best times and moments when our conscious mind can connect with the subconscious mind. An important moment when the assignor connects with the assigned task, to realize a wishful thinking from the conscious mind. To understand the best times, we need to at least get to know a little about the different frequencies of our brain waves. Because if we don't understand this, we won't know when is the best time to pray, imagine, and use the power of our subconscious mind . Many experts have given an idea about the frequency of our brain waves; namely Beta, Alpha, Theta and Delta waves . Our conscious mind frequency is in the Beta to Theta waves , even though in Theta waves we are already in a state of wakefulness and sleep. In more detail at the frequency of Beta waves, our minds are in a very alert condition, awake, busy with thinking activities, involved when we do daily work activities . Here ego reactions are also often involved in this condition, to give whispers of self-defense when our conscious mind encounters or faces a problem in life. When a person begins to experience calm, relaxation, then there our thought waves begin to descend to Alpha waves. This is the wave when we can calm down, relax and no longer struggle with anxiety, ego reactions within ourselves. Now, it is at this moment that we can begin to harness our metaphysical miraculous powers, by making images that will create our future, by creating an image of the future life we ​​want. At this moment in Alpha's state of mind, we can visualize the future conditions that we hope will occur. Like what the example is, depends on what conditions we want to happen in the future. In the next session, we will provide examples and how to use them. In this Alpha condition, it can be used to do self-introspection, so that we can see the various problems of our life more calmly and clearly, without being interfered with by the interests of ego reactions that are full of darkness. Next is the Theta wave, where our mind is between waking and sleeping. This is the state that is reached when our meditation is deep. Creative ideas , full of solutions, usually flow in these conditions. Because it is in this moment that our conscious mind is more easily connected with the higher intelligence within us; when the conscious mind connects with the conscience. There is a change in the state of consciousness that often occurs in the present moment. While our subconscious mind is located in the Delta wave, which is also the wave of sleep. Our conscious mind is no longer active and we are completely controlled by our Subconscious Inner Intelligence. When this Delta wave is reached, we can experience a very deep deep sleep. Now when many complain of difficulty sleeping or insomnia, it happens because the conscious mind is left fixated on the Beta wave, which is busy thinking about life's problems all day long, thinking about past conflicts , or busy worrying about an uncertain future. Until he forgot that his body was currently lying down to get ready to rest. When the conscious mind is caught in a busy Beta wave , when it is time to enter a sleep state, where the thought wave should be in a Delta state to be able to sleep, this is where the difficulty or complaints of difficulty sleeping; insomnia, or various forms of sleep disturbances are common. From all this understanding, we can conclude that the utilization of metaphysical miraculous powers can be started when the mind enters the Alpha Theta wave. Either through the process of meditation, or allowing ourselves to naturally enter the wave of sleep; from Alpha to Theta waves, then ending in Delta waves. This means that we take advantage of about 30 minutes before bedtime, to include affirmations, imaginations, and visualizations of the future. So that all of it sinks itself in our subconscious mind , when we unconsciously have fallen into a state of sleep. Next, the last key to the utilization of the metaphysical magic power is to realize the role of intelligence, affirmation, belief, surrender, and determination. When we have succeeded in entering the Alpha-Theta thought wave , whether the condition when we are between awake and asleep, or when we manage to sit quietly in meditation, this is the moment we use the intelligence of the mind, to carry out metaphysical depictions with all its creative power. Visualize the future state we want. Without sufficient intellectual intelligence, the ability of imagination and visualization will not be sufficient. Furthermore, while doing metaphysical depictions, we can strengthen the visualization and imagination with affirmations, or statements that are in line with the imagination we imagine. Similar to amplifying the meaning of a video with audio that goes with it. The right affirmations will add to the power of visualization. On the other hand, if the affirmation does not match the visualization, for example, we say an affirmation that, "Next month I have a bicycle", but in the visualization we imagine a boat, of course it will not reinforce what is really our wishful thinking in the future. After affirmation, visualization, imagination are in harmony in speech and image, then we must immerse a belief that it will really happen in the future. Even as if it has happened in front of us right now. We have to add an experience of happiness, as if that happiness is already happening in our hearts right now. Just when we feel the delicious taste of a food, even though the food itself is still being cooked and has not been served before us. Faith alone is not enough if it is not accompanied by a surrender, namely a mental condition that dares to surrender to the miraculous power of the subconscious mind. Surrender is not silence and surrender. Surrender is a condition of surrender when we begin to entrust everything that we have built before with the creativity of our conscious mind, so that the process is continued by the creativity of the subconscious mind which is full of wonders. Just when we surrender to the pilot of the airplane we are riding. For we no longer have any power, except to trust completely all the power of safety and the achievement of our goals , to what is done with the best efforts of the pilot's intelligence. And lastly, after all of that has been fulfilled, what is no less important to build and maintain is persistence. Because often this is what many people do not have. Only due to impatience in the process towards realizing the hopes that have been awakened, we often lose the determination to maintain surrender and confidence, that our hopes will definitely be achieved at the right time. Just when we lose the determination to process with our subconscious magic, that's where we start to lose hope, surrender and belief. Finally we start to despair. Just like a child who cut the kite string by himself. Then his hopes flew to somewhere, like a kite cut off its string. Thus the intelligence of reason, affirmation, belief, surrender, determination, we must understand and use as well as possible in utilizing the metaphysical miraculous power or the miraculous power of our subconscious mind. And finally, what is no less important for us to have and take care of as well as possible, as the main capital in utilizing our metaphysical miraculous power is morality. Morality is an essential condition for the functioning of the metaphysical miraculous powers. Imagine when we as individuals want something, build a hope for the future. However, because of the limitations we have, of course we will need a team work to help realize our expectations easily. If we don't have an emotional bond and an emotional connection that is both in harmony and harmony with our team work, of course the process of realizing our hopes will be difficult. Like the difficulty of building a house of hope, when the workers are hostile to each other. If we are in harmony and harmony with the people who will work to realize our hopes, because of the encouragement of the metaphysical miraculous power of course all dreams and aspirations will be more easily achieved. Unfortunately, we don't always know the people who will help make our dreams come true . Because they are a team work that will be formed miraculously by the collective power of the subconscious mind in this universe. The people who will be gathered by this universe to become a team work for our hopes, are those who have vibrations that are in harmony with the vibrations of our souls . So this is the reason why morality is very important. When we have positive morality, full of virtue in thought, speech, and action, our personality vibrations will bring about positive and benevolent team work. It is also part of the law of attraction or the law of attraction in this universe. Nah, dalam pesan yang lain, begitulah ajaran-ajaran moralitas dalam agama juga dimaksudkan agar kita mudah terhubung dengan orang-orang yang akan menjadi team work yang mewujudkan harapan duniawi kita. Jadi manfaat dari menjadi orang bajik dan mudah bergaul dalam suasana yang penuh kebaikan, ada di bagian pentingnya moralitas dalam proses kerja daya ajaib metafisik ini. Kebajikan kita akan memudahkan kita terhubung secara ajaib dengan orang-orang tertentu yang akan membawa kita pada terwujudnya angan-angan. Nah, tidak akan lengkap rasanya bila semua dasar-dasar pemahaman itu tidak disertai dengan pengalaman sendiri, untuk membuktikan bahwa semua teori itu adalah hasil dari sekumpulan praktek kehidupan. Jadi sekarang akan dibagikan sedikit seperti apa pengalaman saat daya ajaib metafisik itu bekerja. Saya tampilkan gambar sebuah rumah ilustrasi, untuk berkisah tentang bagaimana saya memiliki sebuah bangunan rumah secara ajaib di masa lalu. Waktu itu usia saya baru 13an tahun. Di tempat saya berkhayal memiliki rumah bertingkat itu, hanyalah sebuah kandang kelinci bertingkat dua. Saat itu saya sedang tidur-tiduran di atas atapnya, sambil menatap langit dan tempat-tempat di sekitar itu. Saya membayangkan bahwa di sana kelak akan terbangun sebuah rumah, di mana saya akan menempati satu kamar di lantai dua. Di masa itu tentu saja saya tidak mungkin memiliki rumah bertingkat. Keluarga kami termasuk keluarga yang kekurangan. Ibu hanya seorang tukang pijat di pantai dan Ayah seorang tukang kayu dan bangunan. Tapi diri kecil saya suka menggambar rumah-rumahan. Jadi saat itu saya siapkan gambar rumah sederhana dengan satu kamar di lantai atas dan 3 kamar di lantai bawah. Itu mimpi yang serupa pungguk merindukan bulan. Jangankan untuk membeli bahan-bahan bangunannya, bahkan untuk urusan makan sehari-hari pun Ibu akan bekerja sangat keras untuk bisa memenuhinya. Tapi mimpi itu terus saya bangun dengan khayalan penuh keyakinan pada diri seorang anak kecil. Dan sekira 10 tahun kemudian keajaiban semesta mulai bekerja. Seorang tamu asing yang kemudian menjadi seperti keluarga, tiba-tiba membeli sebuah losmen tua seluas 6 are di sebelah rumah. Semua bangunan lama itupun dibongkarnya untuk membuat bangunan baru. Alhasil, ada banyak genteng-genteng lama, kayu-kayu bekas atap, kusen pintu dan jendela, dan berbagai bahan-bahan lainnya hendak ia buang. Dari situlah kemudian semua bahan-bahan bangunan terkumpul. Kami hanya memerlukan pasir, semen dan besi untuk rangka beton. Sedangkan untuk keperluan tukang bangunan, itu adalah bagian dari keahlian Ayah. Maka singkat cerita terbangunlah rumah itu persis seperti gambar sederhana yang pernah saya buat. Dan keajaiban terus berlanjut terhadap isi rumah itu. Semua terisi sesuai afirmasi dan imajinasi yang dibangun sesudahnya. Selanjutnya pengalaman kedua ketika saya memanfaatkan daya ajaib batin bawah sadar, adalah saat saya menyelesaikan buku ketiga berjudul Dunia Tanpa Suara. Saya berharap buku itu bisa diterbitkan di tingkat nasional oleh sebuah penerbit besar. Namun kabarnya untuk lolos seleksi penerbitan buku oleh penerbit besar ini, syaratnya cukup berat. Terutama dari kualitas dan daya serapan buku. Sedangkan saya saat itu hanyalah seorang penulis otodidak, yang menulis karena proses automatic writing. Tentu saja agak sulit bisa lolos persyaratan. Tapi yang saya miliki adalah keyakinan dan mimpi. Maka saya mulai kembali menggunakan teknik afirmasi dan visualisasi itu. Setiap malam sebelum tidur saya bayangkan draft buku yang sudah saya cetak di rumah itu, di pojok kiri atas cover bukunya terisi oleh logo penerbit yang saya harapkan. Saya melakukan cara itu selama 14 hari. Sesudahnya, saya biarkan semesta bekerja dengan caranya sendiri. Setahun kemudian, ada seorang mentor menelepon dan beliau menawarkan untuk mengirimkan draft punya ke penerbit. Dengan kemampuan beliau untuk berkomunikasi, editor dari pihak penerbit ternyata hanya butuh satu malam membaca draft buku itu, untuk kemudian membalas lewat e-mail bahwa buku tersebut akan diterbitkan oleh pihak penerbitnya. Dan sejak itulah buku Dunia Tanpa Suara menjadi pintu pembuka bagi tiga buku-buku lain berikutnya. Saya rasakan proses itu penuh dengan keajaiban. Sebab ia terjadi dari sesuatu yang terasa tidak mungkin, ternyata semesta membuatnya menjadi mungkin. Saya tidak hendak mengisahkan lebih banyak lagi pengalaman menggunakan potensi daya ajaib batin bawah sadar itu di sesi kali ini. Nanti di sesi berikutnya akan diulas berbagai tips dan contoh afirmasi untuk meraih berbagai harapan yang diinginkan, seperti kesembuhan, kebahagiaan, atau hal-hal lain yang mungkin Anda butuhkan. Anda harus mengalaminya sendiri, untuk meraih keyakinan lebih besar terhadap potensi daya ajaib metafisik dalam diri Anda. Jadi silakan nanti ikuti sesi berikutnya. See you 